[Music]
all right people dorm is closed for the
holiday season so
everybody out when's your dad picking up
i guess when he gets here
i'm here to pick up aaron walton i'm
gonna need to scan your license
do we need to do this every time nope
but you're not miss walton's regular
driver i'm impressed
you should call me oh yeah yeah i will
johnny
hey yeah yeah hey i know
is that your girl no it's aaron walton
justice one's daughter like
supreme court justice wolf hold on i'll
be right back i
forgot my laptop i'll be quick i promise
who's left inside it's just the two of
us are the last ones in
did you say your driver was new yeah why
maybe we should call your dad and make
sure
we gotta get you out of here
they need aaron alive but you and i
they'll shoot on site
it's too bad we didn't meet under
different circumstances
could have been friends
ladies and gentlemen robin williams
what's your brain doing when 10 000
people are laughing their heads off i'm
not
a tuna the human brain is you know an
extraordinary three and a half pound
gland
the moment you think you understand it
it comes out with something else
the breaking news actor robin williams
is dead at the age of 63.
they believe that the bay area resident
committed suicide
there was a lot of media speculation
on robin williams mind before his death
money his or he's depressed or he's just
given up
the last movie was clear to all of us on
that set that
something was going on with robin there
was something eroding within him
i was called in to go over the corners
report it was the beginning
of understanding what had really gone on
my husband had unknowingly been battling
a deadly disease
lewy body dementia is devastating
illness
increases anxiety self-doubt causes
delusions that have never been present
in someone
nearly every region of his brain was
under attack he experienced himself
disintegrating
i remember him saying to me i don't know
what's going on i'm not me anymore
it really amazed me that robin could
walk or move at all
people who are incredibly brilliant can
tolerate degenerative diseases better
robin williams was a genius
he was always able to power through it
and he'd become this guy
that you knew remembered and loved
the way that he was able to battle the
inner turmoils
he was a freaking warrior it no longer
feels loyal
to be silent about it but maybe more
loyal to share
he was blessed with what his heart was
capable of
in the midst of fear he wanted to
help people be less afraid self goes
away
ego bye bye the thing that matters
are others that's what life is about
[Music]
this is my family you know all families
have their problems
what's so funny this is how we deal with
our problems
it wasn't always like this i used to box
but that if you come and work from us
you'll never suffer more than a scratch
i said okay how's my boy
jack has been accepted into a new school
special education place i can take care
of him
we heard about this fella what he did to
the young one
sort this out nephew not to that sort of
business
it's time to get into that business
show me what you're made of
you're my bro you're my bro we have to
do it
please
did anyone see you no no one
are you sure
definitely dead
[Music]
you did right by your family
you were never like this before you know
that i don't want him
to be around you because of the things
that you do
[Music]
i'm gone there's no leaving
came to put such a liar and a load of
action
this is not loyalty it's servitude
contempting's right
don't go thinking all violence is the
work of hateful man
a doctor nice big house like this
there is a ton of cash we wait till they
get back
they give us what we want
[Music]
me the baby
this won't get you anywhere by prison
maybe
don't do this give me the combination
richard no
have to get into the hospital the
hospital is 30 miles away i seriously
doubt he could survive the journey
oh goodness you don't look at all well
please sit here
and wait for the ambulance to arrive
oh we really must fumigate this place
again soon
we're plagued by vermin every sort of
pest
we have to get out don't worry
everything will be fine i told you a
thousand times shoes off
at the door she needs to be punished
she'll ruin everything very well
if that's what you want
tell me what's going on just a few
minutes more and then a lovely
long sleep
[Music]
you have a woman now ah nice
we're getting married wait a minute what
skateboard boy hello
i think this is the place this is it hey
youtube
shut up and take our money oh
this backyard shut up and take our money
what's the catch are you guys here for
the party this is tommy lee's sex swing
hell now i just don't feel comfortable
allowing some weirdo to live in our
guest house me
jesus son of a kid come with me he'll be
out soon i will march out there and i'll
say you got to get out of here in three
months
i don't know about you
[Music]
the drug is called flakka some are
calling it the insanity drug
can't do that in my house
[Applause]
do you need anything no just some space
did you have the talk with randy today
hey yeah yeah
you're high no i'm not you're
honest just get rid of the guys
welcome to the neighborhood you haven't
been arrested no you got you arrested it
is
so on your move
i totally forgot to tell you they're bug
bomb in the house today
whoopsies
flock opossum
a house and we found this one and then
you yeah
what's going on
if that was on pay-per-view we'd be
millionaires right now
i've just always been into drawing it
takes tons of time to come up with a
character
and then eventually it was pepe it's a
happy little frog
you like drinking and hanging out it
became boys club
it's one of the funniest comics of the
last 10 years feels good man
that was the frame that started it all
pp pepe became a meme
i didn't even know what a meme was there
were all these boys trying to own each
other on the message boards
in drops pepe right for the taking
he had gone dark the white supremacist
movement has taken over
pepe
[Music]
pepe escaped out there into the
memosphere it got so big that you
couldn't reverse it
it seems incredibly random that this
frog is going to represent
white supremacy creating memes gave
people who had never been involved in
politics a way in
it was like making the internet real
i'm just a spectator to how things kind
of evolve on the internet
it's a window into this dark place then
it started to get strange
pepe has permanently altered the course
of history
do you feel any personal responsibility
for
the bad stuff that has come out of this
whatever pepe meant to all these other
people didn't mean the same thing to me
i'm doing everything i can in my power
to shut these up
answer the question i asked you can we
turn a recognized hate symbol
into a love symbol
you can change the course of this thing
suddenly pepe is being used as a symbol
of hope
if you want to escape hell you can't
ignore it you almost have to go to the
center of it
pepe the frog is an omen because it's
not going to go away
until we hear the message that it has to
say
so how did you pick the name pepe the
frog
it sounded like um peepee
need to go peepee
[Music]
i just wish we could redo this whole
night so that you can see how wrong you
are
yeah i wish we could redo the whole
night so we can see how wrong you
oh are we're cooking again drinks
who knows good night everyone
lisa and i had an argument last night
and then to figure out who was right we
decided to do over the entire night
exactly the way it was so that's why
we're here
[Music]
oh yeah and sarah wanted to leave i was
tired i just wanted to give a total then
trina got herself another drink oh god
trina what are you doing we're gonna
find out who's right
[Music]
hello we're going to find out who's
right
of course you do no more oh
i can't drink it anymore i have to drink
trina
ready pick trainer all right enough i'm
i'm done that is why we need to redo
this
exactly the way it was with the actors
please enter
hi i'm trina excuse me this is some sort
of weird gross like
casting couch orgy or something is it
cool if i take my shirt off
i made a piece
imagine having an argument with her
i left when uh i basically left i wasn't
there
because i wasn't sober i'm sober now
i don't want that to happen again
[Music]
see
you're so busy you forget i'm a woman
nice puppet
you know i'm haunted a little bit by the
fact that i get big paranoid thoughts
[Music]
you don't even have me with anything
you're a big problem
i need you
you think you know data why someone like
you upsetting the people
why
[Applause]
[Music]
love that's the dream
right
hey i'm lucy
i just want to know everything about you
now today
in this moment where we're both
meant to be
it's like you're from a fairy tale like
i've jammed you
up and adam so we planned for you to
meet her she suggested this amazing thai
place devin
it's been way over an hour maybe
something happened to her this is it
[Music]
she's not here what do you want me to
say
you're sick you know that you're sick
hey devin
she is real she's as real as you and i
and if she isn't then
now rip a girl i like her she's smart
funny shall we thank you
i didn't make her up no you didn't what
do they think you wrote the note
yourself meet me in sydney
what are you waiting for kid
he's trying to find her who
i'll see you soon
she saved my life to survive this world
surrender to the chaos
you have to try and get better where's
my brother where's nikki
have you ever thought about what it's
like for me you know i understand no one
understands
embrace your destiny
have you ever loved somebody like really
loved them
we're gonna split you all up in four
groups transport you to the
search areas
[Music]
it's just i want things to go back to
the way they were before
they are not going to go back to the way
they were you make do with what's left
[Music]
bridget it's 8 20. get your ass home i'm
not your personal babysitter
i need you to watch him bridget come
home last night i can't get a hold of
her
don't do anything stupid sid
santa where's bridgette i don't know
where the hell she is
it's been three days since we last saw
bridgette
we have a photo in all of our patrol
cars she's out there we're gonna find
him
this is a mother's worst nightmare you
have to eat something deaf you're
scaring us
[Music]
i need to know what happened to my
daughter i am begging you
to know that your daughter's out there
somewhere and she's calling for you
you can't get her we just want to find
her and bring her home
you're a great mother that never changed
i miss my daughter
it's over she's never coming back get
out of my house
[Music]
i want things to go back to the way they
were before
they are not going to go back to the way
they were
you make do with what's left
there she is guess what
daddy is going to get you dressed for
school today
we are descendants of the gods this land
was always ours
but we must never relent
or nowhere and everywhere
you're from virginia right i can tell
you're special we are the future
you you're not like the others
[Music]
i'm coming
whoever you were before
that's over
[Music]
what are we doing what
is the plan
[Applause]
wrinkle tonight
what is your emergency
who is coming to my birthday party what
about rapunzel
and don't tell me she's getting her hair
done nope
writing something called a book baby
says she has insomnia princess crew
that's a ship sir princess leia she's a
general now i demand glorious guests
then may i suggest inviting this
young lady finally this horrible crone
gets it
once upon a time delivered a princess
named snow white
but this fairy tale is about to get
a whole new twist
we need to find the most beautifulest
woman to kiss us and reverse the curse
what was that it's a witch let's catch
her and make her break the spell
one's where i can see him witch
oh my gosh what what happened to me i
mean my face
and my waist um is that really what i
look like
in the mirror i think i hit her too hard
your power has drained you i don't have
much time
prince find her why are they after you
it's my shoes they're magical attention
idiots draws oh it's that loser prince
average
ah voo raj ah please
charge featuring the voices of chloe
grace morris
sam claflin gina gershon and patrick
warburton
i can't wait for you to see the real me
i like you just as you are
you have a thing on your cheek
your true self you're amazing on the
outside and the inside
is the fairest of them all
[Music]
i shall return on
tuesday no wait let me check my calendar
thursday you got to be kidding me red
shoes and the seven dwarves
[Music]
what up kids it's cole this is erl
i've traveled all over the world looking
for the wildest experiences to entertain
you guys
you watched commented and told me what
to do next i
challenge all of you to find something
that scares me i dare you come on
we are taking you to an escape room
experience in moscow
i have a buddy named alexi he wants to
take us everywhere
i'm talking the best clubs the best
restaurants
this guy's so rich that everything he
does is the best
i've been to escape rooms man but not
one like this because to make it just
for you
you have to be invited look i get that
there are two sides of you
there's this public hole and then
there's this private cold
i just don't really know the real you
remember as real as everything might
seem
you're safe not sketchy at all
they will begin streaming it directly
into your device from the cameras
let's do it this is crazy
hello
what's going on
what happened here what the hell is this
this is your guy you was just talking
i don't know him all that well what we
were in russia with some guy that you
barely know
are you crazy we don't have our phones
people are paying to watch they change
it every single time it's intense but
it's a game
i couldn't say nothing earlier because
he is always watching
cole how do you know my name
is
[Music]
young americans you think you're so sick
what if this is still part of it no we
lost look at the timer
please let her go mine is just
a little more selective than yours
[Music]
wait oh yo delete that last part no dude
this is live
your individual life vest is located in
a pouch beneath your seat
should its use become necessary
bring the straps around your waist pull
on the loose straps
[Music]
until the vest fits snugly as we are now
demonstrating
thank you for your attention
we will be airborne shortly
we are torn apart by events i like to be
submissive
do you know what that means
[Music]
put back together differently by others
why japan
sometimes being alone isn't about other
people alone
is about people be careful then how do
you know that i'm not a batman
[Music]
i don't
just special how do you know
difficult to make you happy
i think i'm destined to go nuts nobody
uses their public face
in the express sometimes
the mask is prettier than the thing
behind it
i tell myself there is no happy ending
all the pieces do not fit together
perfectly
but somehow everything is beautiful
[Music]
shall i tell you a story
it's the story of an orphan girl
it was sent to live in a mysterious
house
if you caused me trouble i'll have you
sent away in an instant
you understand where she discovered
something
[Music]
something magical
something secret
but let me start at the beginning
[Music]
my name is mary lennox and my uncle owns
this house i'm colin craven and the
uncle you speak of is my father my
cousins
when was the last time you used your
chair i've never been able to walk we
could go outside and
who knows you might feel better
who are you i'm digging i need you to
keep a secret
why did you spat on yourself if you are
too much of a lady there is no
i am no lady son
why can't i tell you to know of a
magical place
capable of extraordinary things i'd say
that you were lying do you trust me
you know what you risk it's worth the
risk
magic is on our side once
this house was filled with lights
laughter
happiness this garden
needs to cure colin
your excitement could kill him colin
needs to live this house is
beautiful magic
secrets
peter why would someone not want you to
be alive anymore
what are you talking about
code 8227 confirmed
subject's closed
i know you like ava but she's a
liability
no not her she's best to breathe i
recruited her i trained her he's talking
to the targets
hey bill i'm good promise you
keep your head down kiddo management
will be watching on this one
you did something bad i wouldn't have
sent me if you had
who was responsible company had nothing
to do with it you don't believe that
duke
you keep breaking protocol i asked you
to marry me and then you just
disappeared for eight years
she's always been duke's favorite but
she's a loose cannon and a danger to the
organization
i want her killed
tell him tooth her finger i don't care
which
i warned you i'm not gonna be able to
protect you a second time
you need to rescind the kill order you
know i can't do that
this is business
lovely morning for it ava
[Music]
put security around my family on high
alert
[Music]
your respective countries have deemed
you the best of what you do
the ultimate sacrifice may be required
where are you you son of a
he has multiple dirty bombs being built
nothing
gets out of there
this ends now this guy's all messing
around
we have one shot of this guy
tense always tense
this guy pissing me off we have to
finish what we started
all this will be for nothing world's
watching
get in find him eliminate it
three two one she's on it
she's rushing
she never gems
now get up and let's kill them all
target lock
fire
[Music]
world more viewers than for the moon
landings or the world cup
final beautiful darling
mom don't you and your sisters used to
love
playing this world i also like to eat
our own snot
we really believe beauty isn't just skin
deep
the girls also have charm grace goods
deportments
swimsuits
miss world rehearsals are underway the
first black south african to take part
i'm the first miss grenada ladies and
gentlemen mr bob
the last time bob guested on this show
he brought the winning girl home with
him
[Music]
they're turning oppression into
spectacle let's make a spectacle of our
own
we'd infiltrate the theater
we've just been smoking and watching
like in a heist film
if i win there would be little girls who
might start to believe they have a place
in the world
we're black we're not going to be in
this world
you don't come to me i don't want you to
think i'm some kind of brute that
doesn't consider the feelings of women i
consider feeling women all the time
forget this
[Music]
tonight may be the start of something
bob
this competition makes us compete with
each other and makes the world
narrower for all of us in the end why
should any woman have to earn her place
in the world by looking a particular way
you don't he doesn't why should we
[Music]
you